feat(dashboards): addition of support for data format to the `newrelic_one_dashboard` Resource (#2747)
newrelic/terraform-provider-newrelic: website/docs/r/one_dashboard.html.markdown

    * `initial_sorting` - (Optional) An attribute that describes the sorting mechanism for the table. This attribute requires specifying the following attributes in a nested block -
        * `name` - (Required) The name of column to be sorted. Examples of few valid values are `timestamp`, `appId`, `appName`, etc.
        * `direction` - (Required) Defines the sort order. Accepted values are `asc` for ascending or `desc` for descending.
    * `data_format` - (Optional) A nested block that describes data format. See [Nested data_format blocks](#nested-data_format-blocks) below for details.
        

### Nested `data_format` blocks

> Nested `data_format` specifies the data structure format in the table. It defines how the data is organized and interpreted.This attribute requires specifying the following attributes in a nested block -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nested `data_format` blocks help specify the format of data displayed by a widget per attribute in the data returned by the NRQL query rendering the widget; thereby defining how the data fetched is best interpreted. This is supported for **billboards** and **tables**, as these are the only widgets in dashboards which return single or multi-faceted data that may be formatted based on the type of data returned.

This attribute requires specifying the following attributes in a nested block:
```

  * `name` - (Required) This attribute mandates the specification of the column name to be formatted. It identifies which column the data format should be applied to.

>   * `type` - (Required) This attribute sets the format category for your data. Accepted values include `decimal` for numeric values, `date` for date/time values, `duration` for length of time, `recent-relative` for values referencing a relative point in time, `custom` for specific date/time formats and `humanized` to set autoformat as true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `type` - (Required) This attribute sets the format category for your data. Accepted values include - 
  - `decimal` for numeric values
  - `date` for date/time values
  - `duration`, for length of time
  - `recent-relative` for values referencing a relative point in time
  - `custom` to be used with date/time values, in order to select a specific format the date/time value would need to be rendered as
  - `humanized` to be used with numeric values, in order to enable Autoformat
```

I've added a few changes to each of these; also, I felt this (_maybe_) better as a bulleted list 🤔 (just a thought, let me know what you think). The list might also need to be indented to the right if needed

>   * `format` - (Optional) This attribute is provided when the `type` attribute is set to `date`, defining the specific date format to be applied to your data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `format` - (Optional) This attribute is provided when the `name` is that of a column comprising date/time values and the `type` attribute is set to `custom`.......
```

probably incorrect unless I'm mistaken (apologies if so) but I think `format` works only with `custom` as the type, right?

  |     Accepted value  |        Format           |                     
  |---------------------|-------------------------| 
  | `%b %d, %Y`         | `MMM DD,YYYY`           | 
  | `%d/%m/%Y`          | `DD/MM/YYYY(EU)`        | 
  | `%x`                | `DD/MM/YYYY(USA)`       | 
  | `%I:%M%p`           | `12-hour format`        | 
  | `%H:%Mh`            | `24-hour format`        | 
  | `%H:%Mh UTC (%Z)`   | `24-hour with timezone` | 
  | `%Y-%m-%dT%X.%L%Z`  | `ISO with timezone`     | 
  | `%b %d, %Y, %X`     | `MMM DD, YYYY,hh:mm:ss` | 
  | `%X`                | `hh:mm:ss`              | 

-> **IMPORTANT!**

>     `type` should be set to `custom` inorder to use the formats listed above.

Reviewer: what we probably can do for greater clarity is the following - 
- add sample code snippets (not of the entire widget, just the `data_format{}` portion for all cases of the three types we currently have, covering edge cases i.e. the duration type, the date/time type with no format and with a format, and the number type with decimals, with autoformat, etc.)
- add something like "see examples below" in the description of all of these attributes we've listed above; or even better, refactor this `IMPORTANT!` message to state these edge cases and suggest the customer to see code snippets linked below

Author: @pranav-new-relic add the code snippets as discussed and suggested .

    - `date` for date/time values
    - `duration` for length of time
    - `recent-relative` for values referencing a relative point in time
    - `custom` to be used with date/time values, in order to select a specific format the date/time value would need to be rendered as
    - `humanized` to be used with numeric values, in order to enable Autoformat
  * `format` - (Optional) This attribute is provided when the `name` is that of a column comprising date/time values and the `type` attribute is set to `custom` defining the specific date format to be applied to your data.

  |     Accepted value  |        Format           |                     
  |---------------------|-------------------------| 
  | `%b %d, %Y`         | `MMM DD,YYYY`           | 
  | `%d/%m/%Y`          | `DD/MM/YYYY(EU)`        | 
  | `%x`                | `DD/MM/YYYY(USA)`       | 
  | `%I:%M%p`           | `12-hour format`        | 
  | `%H:%Mh`            | `24-hour format`        | 
  | `%H:%Mh UTC (%Z)`   | `24-hour with timezone` | 
  | `%Y-%m-%dT%X.%L%Z`  | `ISO with timezone`     | 
  | `%b %d, %Y, %X`     | `MMM DD, YYYY,hh:mm:ss` | 
  | `%X`                | `hh:mm:ss`              | 

> * `precision` - (Optional) This attribute is utilized when the `type` attribute is set to `decimal`, stipulating the precise number of digits after the decimal point for your data.

Reviewer: we might need to unindent the point with `precision`

<img width="640" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/97a5763f-84ae-4474-93ab-a657f28b15f8">

-> **IMPORTANT!**

>   Refer below code snippets to identify the correct set of combinations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  As specified in the description of arguments of `data_format` above, using certain arguments requires using a specific `type` with the arguments, on a case-to-case basis. Please see the examples below for more details on such argument combinations.
```

```hcl
 widget_table {
  title  = "List of Transactions"
  row    = 1
  column = 4
  width  = 6
  height = 3

  nrql_query {
    account_id = Account_ID
    query = "SELECT average(duration), max(duration), min(duration) FROM Transaction FACET name SINCE 1 day ago"
  }

  data_format {
    name = "Max duration"
    Type = "duration"
  }

  data_format {
    name = "Max duration"
    type = "recent-relative"
  }

  initial_sorting {
    direction = "desc"
    name      = "timestamp"
  }
}
```

> * `type` should be set to `date` for default date/time values and `custom` inorder to use the formats listed above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In order to add a `data_format` block for date/time values, the `type` would need to be set to `date`. However, if you would also like to specify a format of the date/time value (with the `format` argument), the type would need to be set to `custom`.

```

```hcl
  data_format {
    name = "timestamp"
    Type = "date"
  }

  data_format {
    name = "timestamp"
    Type = "custom"
    Format = "%Y-%m-%dT%X.%L%Z"
  }
```

> * `type` should be set to `decimal` for numeric values and `humanized` in order to enable Autoformat for numeric values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Similarly, in order to use `data_format{}` with numeric values, the `type` would be need to set to `decimal`. The `precision` of the value may also be specified with type `decimal`. However, in order to have "Autoformat" enabled on the numeric value, specify the type as `humanized`.
```

```hcl
  data_format {
    name = "count"
    type = "decimal"

>     Precision = 4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    precision = 4
```
